What is it guys who won't come back.
So now in this video we will be working up wed multicar ency things so that we if a person wants to
change his currency then we want to add it in the footer or any in the sidebar so that the person can
change his currency and read the website so that will be good for us so I'm just going to go ahead I'm
going to go to dashboard right now and I'm going to install a plug in and that will be the multicar
NC.
OK so I'm going to go to plug in Zand.
I'm going to go to add anyway.
So this is where a mouse here and that's it and new.
And now here we're going to be adding to a plug in.
So I'm just going to go with multi Torrente.
OK and let's see you can see this is searching right now.
And then I'm going to grab something multicar runty switcher by Fehmi.
And this this this is so
let's just go with this one that is for me add ons.
I'm just going to hit and install and it is installing right now so you can go with any of the plug
in these plugs right.
The same you can just read the documentary and then you can move on.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to activate right now and then here would be the multi-color
and see this is right now.
So I'm just going to open this up now and then you can see this is right here.
I'm just going to hit add Neal.
And so here I want to select the currency so my base currency is this and I want to just USD so I'm
going to search for U.S. dollars.
So this is not not here.
Dollar.
So where is the U.S. dollar.
United States dollar.
OK.
This is right here.
I'm just going to get the value online.
Let's see if it gets the value online
almost just go here.
And what's it like to get the value.
This is not working right now.
This is not getting the value online I don't know why.
But let's just come here and
let's just come here and like in just the right one GBP 2 USD.
So it's just going to grab the value.
So this is 1.3 for OK I'm just going to copy it right now and I'm going to paste it right here and I'm
going to save so you can see this is rate being saved right now.
And we have two currencies.
One is the United States in the default one is so I'm just going to add one more and that will be the
key.
And this is like one GBP 1 GBP to peak here.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to copy this one right here.
Copy and come here and paste.
And let's just go ahead and let's save so you can see that we have two right here.
OK.
The one is the United States and the other one is peak.
So I'm just going to go to the appearance and then and then I'm going to go to visit's right now and
then here I want to add on the number one I want to add the budget that they'll be
on the m a multi currency.
Okay let's just say let's add ad budget so this is right here.
I'm just going to bring it right about.
So this is right here and I'm just going to add change
currency and question right.
I'm going to say.
So let's come here and let's have a look at our site so how it is looking.
Okay.
I just go to the seven that completed will be course dot com and then I go to the shop.
So the shop age I should be seeing that sidebar.
OK.
Change currency.
This is said to GBP and you're going to choose a peak here and it should be changing the currency so
you can see the pages automatically loading.
And I can see this is now set to be change.
The currency is automatically changed.
So this is how this plug in works.
OK.
So number Dhanbad this plug in.
Okay let's just use a different plug in to test.
How does it work.
I'm just going to go to install plug in right now and I'm going to remove this plug in.
This is called the FMEA multi currency and it's going to deactivate this.
And let's use another one let's just go with the different plug in.
And let's see how that plug in works.
OK I'm just going to go with multi currency search and it should be here.
So let's just go with this one that has the most installation and
ok like this.
And you can see this is installing right now.
So after this is installed I'm just going to activate and this should be activated so you can see this
plug in will be activated in a minute.
Here we go.
Where is the multi-grain.
Yes this is the one so rule multi-grain see I'm just going to have settings right now so it should be
taking me to the settings of that.
So here we have this.
Enable Yes we want to enable and we have the fixed price visible regular price and sale price for each
product you can fill price correctly that is on the base currency rate.
So we have the default one this is this I want to add one more currency and that will be
this.
OK.
And I want this to be default though the default is the GBP pound sterling.
So this is the raid that is automatically coming and the number of decimal is also coming.
I also want to add the USD.
OK.
Please upgrade to pro-Russian if you need two currencies.
So and I can see that I need to update to probation if I want to add more than that so I can just go
into categories that's all.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save.
OK and now what I have to do I have to just go to location and this is auto detect.
OK.
Auto select currency.
Currency by country.
So this will be all said the currency by country so if someone is from this country then it will automatically
select the Pakistani currency from us.
OK.
And this will be so like dolls.
If someone is from this ban it will not select the countries.
I'm just going to remove that this country so that this should be from here.
So now let's go ahead and let's go to let's just save it.
I'm just going to say right now.
And now I am going to just go to check out right now.
So pay in many currencies.
No we just want you to be in our currency so that there is no currency conversion taxes and other stuff.
We have this select your currency so you can just add it here or here I want it to be right.
And the designers this select your currency we have this design.
We have the main colors that to this.
I wanted to be a bit of brown So
that is a brown man
away I want to grab the color go.
I want to go to visit Tate
OK you can see this is how select your currency.
OK.
I want to I want to grab that color.
So color code would be this one.
So now let's see.
Let's just come here and let's add this so the color code here.
I'm just going to paste it.
You can see the colloquies right here.
And then we have a table currencies bar displays on check out Basan card page and other pages so I'm
just going to go ahead.
I'm going to save right now.
OK.
And now let's go ahead and let's have a look at those sites you can see if I just come here and I just
refresh it.
You can see this will be now turned to brown so select your currency and just select it to be Patteson
entropy and it'll turn into that.
OK.
And then I go down and then you will see that the currency is now in this.
OK so I think this plug in is much better than the bad.
So I just like this one.
But if you need more currencies you need to upgrade to pro-woman I just hate about this feature.
So you can just play this feature in I think
it is a pro version
newcomer's multi-color ency.
This is the version to me just click here and you can see this right here.
So this is a promotion that says that is for 25 bucks so you can just pro-change this version and then
you can have more currencies if you want to.
OK.
So now we're totally done with the currency conversion as well.
OK we have added this much OK you can see what I would recommend you to choose this one.
There are two currencies only if you want to add some more.
I think this just works totally OK.
Let's see if our website is mobile optimized.
So this is also mobile optimized.
You can see that currency Kurn murder is also mobile optimized and everything is mobile optimized.
Let's just go here and let's just see our shop.
So I want to go to shoprite now.
Remember you can change it if you want to with the custom Mizer.
OK.
So you go down and you can see everything is totally customizable so you can see it is totally up and
running and everything is totally coming.
So now we're totally done with this.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now you can see that we are totally on the website.
Everything is totally up and running.
So Stadion guys and Bebai.